Original Title: Trump declares victory in Dem-run city despite 'extraordinary resistance' from sanctuary politicians - Fox News

Summary: Trump declares victory in Dem-run city despite 'extraordinary resistance' from sanctuary politicians.

Original Title: Why flight disruptions could linger even after the government shutdown ends - NPR

Summary: Airlines and aviation regulators warned that flight disruptions are likely to continue even after the government reopens. Thousands of flights have been cancelled

Original Title: Supreme Court extends pause on order requiring full SNAP payments - The Washington Post

Summary: The Trump administration has twice gone to the Supreme Court in recent days, seeking to prevent other judges from forcing it to fully fund SNAP benefits

Original Title: 'Toy Story 5' teaser trailer: Screens are the enemy - CNN

Summary: 'Toy Story 5' teaser trailer: Screens are the enemy.

Original Title: SoftBank's Shares Dive After Nvidia Sale Spooks AI-Wary Market - Bloomberg.com

Summary: SoftBank Group Corp.'s stock slid as much as 10% after the tech investor's exit from AI chipmaker Nvidia Corp

Original Title: Dallas Mavericks fire GM Nico Harrison nine months after Luka Doncic trade - Dallas News

Summary: Dallas Mavericks fire GM Nico Harrison nine months after Luka Doncic trade.

Original Title: Where Miami Hurricanes landed in second College Football Playoff ranking of the season - Miami Herald

Summary: The Miami Hurricanes are No. 15 in the second College Football Playoff ranking. The ranking determines the teams who will compete for a national title

Original Title: What to know about Trump's plan to give Americans a $2,000 tariff dividend - AP News

Summary: President Donald Trump wants to give Americans a $2,000 tariff dividend. Trump says his tariffs protect American industries, lure factories to the

Original Title: Largest US aircraft carrier reaches Latin American region - The Hill

Summary: The Pentagon's largest aircraft carrier, USS Gerald R. Ford, arrived in Latin America.

Original Title: Chick-Fil-A to test new menu item in Baltimore - WBFF

Summary: Fast-food chain Chick-Fil-A is rolling out a new test menu item. Baltimoreans will be among the first with a

Original Title: Ruby Rose Gives Jaw-Dropping Critique Of Sydney Sweeney's 'Christy' Casting - HuffPost

Summary: The biopic about boxing champ Christy Martin earned just $1.3 million at the U.S. box office.

Original Title: Jimmy Kimmel Breaks Down in Tears Honoring Late Bandleader Cleto Escobedo III: 'We Are Devastated by This' - Variety

Summary: Kimmel pays tribute to late friend and bandleader Cleto Escobedo III.

Original Title: Oil and gas demand to rise for 25 years without global change of course, says IEA - Financial Times

Summary: Oil and gas demand to rise for 25 years without global change of course, says IEA.

Original Title: Government shutdown nears possible end as funding bill moves to the House after Senate passage - CBS News

Summary: Government shutdown nears possible end as funding bill moves to the House after Senate passage.

Original Title: 'Dancing With the Stars' Celebrates 20 Years With Perfect Scores, Tom Bergeron and Another Elimination: See the Scores, Who Went Home - The Hollywood Reporter

Summary: Several former faces of the show were in the ballroom on Tuesday night, including six mirrorball champions.

Original Title: Witnesses in Pakistan recall chaos after Islamabad suicide bombing - Al Jazeera

Summary: Witnesses in Pakistan recall chaos after Islamabad suicide bombing. At least 12 people died in the blast at a district court complex.

Original Title: A severe solar storm is painting aurora borealis across the sky as far south as Florida - CNN

Summary: A severe solar storm is painting aurora borealis across the sky as far south as Florida.

Original Title: Protesters break into COP30 venue in Brazil - BBC

Summary: More than 200 delegations, including senior world leaders, are attending the UN climate talks.

Original Title: Ohio State stays on top of playoff bracket, while Miami makes a big move - AP News

Summary: Ohio State stays on top of playoff bracket, while Miami makes a big move. Indiana remained at No. 2 despite barely squeaking out